Oh. Northern miles. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, how about you?
Yeah. But that's not an issue with us, though, because we all have passports.
uhumm
Like what. When did you go, like what season?
It was a summer?
It is?
Wait, during midwinter you can travel through Alaska like that?
I thought was heavily restricted
Okay.
Oh, crap that, that's a trick.
Okay, Okay.
I heard another good place to look at the Northern Lights is Greenland.
Yeah. Wait, Iceland too?
Oh god, Is it, is it greenland higher than iceland?
Iceland?
I thouht you...
Oh, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, cause there's no.. Is it pretty hard to get to?
Oh okay, when you're going to Alaska, it's like, it's pretty much everybody speaks English.
Yeah, but isn't there a lot of indigenous people in Alaska?
Oh, okay, so they speak English basically? Okay.
So that makes it convenient to be able to communicate with everybody.
yeah, yeah, yeah,  you know when you call 9-1-1 you know, hehehehehe.
What? No, what? what?
actually traveling with you and your sister like you know emergency services is kind of a concern
because you know keiko's leg or like you running to the glass door you know
So that's, that's good to know.
Haha. there you go, yeah, yeah,
And another good thing about traveling with all of us is like
You know, even if we book a midnight flight.
You know, we'll make it this time, you know? Hahahahahahaha.
Yeah, yeah.
Hmmm...For me, that's, that's  a harder choice for me.
Really? Yeah, it's not clear-cut for me.
Yeah, I would struggle with that. I'm like on offense.
No, I don't know. I don't know. it's that, It's like , as I'm thinking about it right now.
I'm literally on the fence like I can't think one way together.
okay if it's a northern light trip right to alaska like how long do you think we'll be gone for
Oh really? That's quick?
So isn't it better if we're there multiple nights?
Okay, so it's not like it's starkly different from one night to the next